Welcome back all.
So I have added a few lines of code etc. as before you'll be able to find the code below the lectures
or and get help or somewhere else.
Just go back to the very first intro and dare I have listed it.
I've explained that anyway.
The Firfir I'm going to open up these files and edit them in the order of execution.
So the very first thing that we need to take a look at is app component got HDMI out.
This year is the only line which has been added to this file.
Now this line will define how we would like to use the child component which is the account form as
specified here as well you have the account form how we would like to use this trial component from
the parent component.
That sound because Linux updates informing me that I should update the system God knows how many I have
anyway here created is an event and will and we will perform event binding when this event occurs.
This method here.
Create a calendar create A.S.C. is called in the parent component so the app component dot D.S.
and we will pass the new account that was created as an event to this method.
So that's how it goes.
But since here it says Account form we will need to go to the account form God component at HD out.
So here there is a button here for the Create up there is the create button.
So when this create button is pressed because keep in mind even though this is app component not HD
M-L you have a foreign tags here which means that the HD Malcomb HMO code from here will be inserted
and executed there.
So when a user clicks the create button here you will have the create a CC method that is going to be
called now they create A.S.C. here and create A.S.C. here.
They are not the same methods.
They just have the same names can be confusing but there you have deliberately I have left the names
same in a deliberate deliberately.
Here's why.
If you go into the account form that component you will see a lot of code here all explain it.
But for now just take a look at this method here.
It says create A.S.C. And if you go into the app component RTX you know.
Yep there we go again Crecy create A.S.C..
Now these two methods they have little to nothing with one another.
So you don't have to really be concerned about that because you can have as many as many methods as
you want and they can all have the same names in different components.
They will not interfere with one another.
OK.
So we have went into the here.
We've clicked the button and now we're going to go into the account form that component.
P.S. Hopefully you have managed to write it partially.
If yes that's great.
If not oh well just take a look and see what happens.
So first of all we have important component and we needed output and we needed a vent emitter.
So same things as before with the account list and we have imported count as well from account datt
model account model.
You have it here.
So you have the class account we have imported that as well as we would need to utilize this.
We will need it going back now we have begun creating our components so the selector is accounted for.
The selector is in direct relation with this tier.
So the which we're getting a little bit last year so you have the selector account form here.
So we need to go into account.
A male and to account for.
Yep there we go.
So we have count forne selector here.
For some strange reason I read accomplice that I got a little bit confused there.
Anyway so one more time you have the selector which says account for that selector account for him is
in direct relation with the HMO code here where it says accounted for.
So we know what we are referring to let's go back to the Ts.
So the template you are well that's basically an account and account for component out HD.
So we are effectively utilizing the HD AML which we have created for this component styles.
Again same thing we're using to see assess which we have previously created and now we would like to
export A-class account for what the next four year class means.
That's been explained at least two times by now.
So I'm just going to go ahead and skip that and then we come to the output decorator.
Now the decorators have next.
We have had a separate chapter for decorator's but basically its purpose here is to provide logic's
so that the parent component could perform event binding to the created and then it's basically the
same as before.
We are simply instantiating a new event emitter that we'll be able to emit data of a type account and
says Here at output and then it says created here.
And if you remember from before we used to type something stype in something like this here but there
was no need.
If you don't want any special names by default this name will be taken for the decorator and it says
create it so it will be like created was written here and you have created here as well so they're fine.
They're all interconnected intertwined.
Utilizing one another.
OK so now we come into the private method create accounts or create A.S.C..
This is the create as you see this basically this method is in this component.
It has nothing to do with the app component.
That does create A.S.C. method.
It's not to be confused as it is not the same it only has the same name as and as I have stated you
are entitled.
You are allowed to have the same names across different components.
Keep in mind that this method create A.S.C. will be called from account underlined form data component
that Egidia mail.
So it will be called from here and here is the call.
So create A.S.C. right here on click.
It will be called.
Now this method and its arguments are pretty much the same before the method receives DML.
In patrolman's for title description and balance as you can see here.
OK so let's go ahead and take a look at it a little bit more.
So this account that first of all you have something here which might look a little bit strange It says
var a new account and then semi-colon account.
So this variable we are initializing to a new account that we are making first of all this it says var.
So variable This is a account variable of type in new account and we're stating like equal and then
we're create We're basically just
we're taking we're taking the values from the DML elements.
So it says like new account and then it says like title element and then value description L and then
that value and then balance element in the dot value.
So we are creating a new instance of it and we are taking these values from the DML elements and notice
that we are fixing the ID number to the zero which is the first argument.
This is very much different from before we're fixating on the ID to zero.
Why are we doing this.
Well we're doing this because the ID assignment is something that is supposed to be done on the server.
In our case and we would not and we would not like this component to be involved in this process at
all.
We would not like it to be able to assign IDs so we're going to leave that for the parent component
and we're just going to state zero here later on the parent component as the process continues.
This will be changed.
And down below it says this stuff created dot Amet We are basically emitting a variable new account
as an event to all those that are subscribed.
In our case the parent component is subscribed
after that is done after we have admitted that we are resetting the field values.
I apologize here.
This is the variable new account of type accounts not the other way around.
My sincere apologies for that.
I don't know why I just wrote it rotated them around for some strange reason.
Anyway.
So you have a new account which has been.
So you have a new account here and we have just specified the type of the new account.
And then we have initialized the variable new account to these values.
Now since we have initialized it to those values it contains those values.
And now it is being emitted as an event to all those who are subscribed.
They will receive these values and then we will simply reset field values.
And now since our app since our parent component is actually subscribed as you can see Tessier are created
and you have a list and you have a decorator which is also created.
Therefore this parent component is actually subscribed.
It will receive that event it will receive that event and that event will be passed to create a CC method
here.
So you see it receives an event and then once it receives an event.
Now we are going to go ahead and call the Create the A.S.C. method which is in the app component Dottie's
and you have it right here.
So some other thing has been eliminated.
We're no longer going to need this.
So we can just go ahead and delete it.
But then again you will have the source code available without any problems.
My throat is bothering me a little bit so no big deal there anyway.
So I have a private method here create HCC which will basically be called and it will start receiving.
So there are a few more before.
Well actually that explain it and then I'll explain the rest of the things that we've actually changed
here.
So this is the method which we are binding to the created event and will be called when the trial component
basically emits a new event and the parent component will basically be assigning the new ID here.
It says New Account ID equals this dot and then underline next ID plus but so we were iterating the
text ID by one incrementing and the final thing that remains is that we need to basically push this
new account into our array where accounts are stored up above.
So you have underline counts.
So we just need to basically push it to see underline accounts or we're going to go ahead and store
it there for safekeeping later on we're going to have an actual database so it will be more realistic
so to say.
OK.
So that's basically it.
Nothing in terms of these are my chapters from the Linux server from where I'm pulling them.
Source code and nothing on the side has changed.
I can actually reload the site and there you go.
It's still exactly the same site.
Nothing has changed we have just configured the way that the files are separated.
The way that the components are separated and we have assigned roles to components so you will be in
charge of splaying account forms.
Will be in charge of displaying the accounts you will be in charge of storing the account information
etc..
This is a good programming.
This is a good programming principle for pretty much any any any productive work in terms of programming
of what so ever.
OK.
So I imagine that you're going to have some questions that some things might remain unclear.
So please feel free to ask.
We will be more than happy to reply and help you out in any way that we can with any amount of additional
clarification.
OK so going back to the top of this file there are a few things which we need to import.
So it says import account for.
So we need to import a account form and then we need to specify where it is located the account form
component down below and into the directives we had to include account for so account form is a directive
and this is our new component that we are listing.
We're listing it here sort of sort of the parent component would be would it actually even go looking
for it as it is imported above as well.
So if you want to learn more about the directives we've talked about it and some of the previous chapters
as well.
So I bid you farewell here and hope to see you in the follow up or actually in the next phase of the
account form separation.